Oh tip is about 10 minutes of cylinder
you know he had to call up the head
coach and whatnot so excited you know
even won't let me have to phone so
that's why so that's why i piss a good
man we to robert right at his mother you
heard right artists all goes ok without
further ado mr. robert martin number to
fall into coach and i will be attending
rutgers university play college football
and get a good strong education I think
it's gonna be a good fit for me what a
couple of main reasons why I chose
burgers because they've got a real good
strong APR rate for the football athlete
and they graduation rate for for the
football team is I've over ninety
percent and there's their football team
GPA last year was around a close to a
three-point though and I think if I'm
load ayer I can be go out to be a nice
young man even after college football if
I make it to the NFL I think I could be
fit to go and walk one and do some other
things and be successful successful as
well and I think that when a football
standpoint next year they're gonna be
big tent one of the biggest football
networks in the country and I think he
said I go in to fight for a position to
go play my freshman year ya na Pete's
family a lot up there they're all one
the bar in this chop
that's what they preach family yes about
it we get a round of applause